hi ladies I wanted to show you the June
special the åland tote it's only
available this June it's really really
neat bag you can use it for just about
anything
great diaper bag great carry-on
sleepovers gym bag you name it it's a
good one I just want to show you some of
the features and about the size because
I know that's always a good thing to
know when you're making a purchase so
this is the bag
this is confetti dot this is a new print
and you can only get it in this products
right now it does come in five other
prints and some of them are going to be
new fall patterns so that would be kind
of cool to see what we're gonna be
getting in August when a new catalog
comes out um but basically this is the
interior it's a pretty big bag this has
a lime green interior it has two mesh
pockets inside there um about the width
of the bag and then there's a divider in
the middle on the other side there's a
little pocket also that would be great
for your phone or keys wallet and then
there is this neat little jewelry band
it can hold six pairs of earrings um I
can obviously put my watch on there and
my rings great way to keep on so they
don't get lost in your bag this is the
front there is in a zipper pocket that's
plenty of room it's about three-quarters
the length of the bag there are two
exterior mesh pockets on each side
and this is kind of neat there's a
pocket right here and then there's a
zipper that opens the pocket on the
bottom and this was designed to fit over
your luggage so when you're traveling
down the airport or wherever you may go
in you can slide this right over the
handles and it's it goes sit right on
your luggage you don't have to carry it
so I think that's pretty neat it does
come with a strap so you can carry it
crossbody if you'd like or over your
shoulder that strap does come off and
then you can just carry it by its two
handles so again this bag is available
only in tune it's $25 with every 35 you
spend or its regular 80 so I would
encourage you to spend $35 then get it
for 25 it's a great deal and I think
it's gonna be really really big hit